server/python/README.md, before:

# Stripe Payments Demo — Python Server

This demo uses a simple [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/) application as the server.

## Payments Integration

- [`app.py`](app.py) contains the routes that interface with Stripe to create PaymentIntents and receive webhook events.
- [`setup.py`](setup.py) a simple setup script to make some fake Products and SKUs for our Stripe store.
- [`tests/tests.py`](tests/tests.py) some unit tests that test the logic of our heavier APIs like `/webhook`.
- [`test_data.py`](tests/tests.py) contains some hardcoded mocked responses to test with.
- [`inventory.py`](stripe_lib.py) a minimal wrapper over the Stripe Python SDK that handles creating/fetching products and caluclating payment amounts. You can override this class with your own product and order management system code.

## Requirements

You’ll need the following:

- [Python 3.6.5](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-365/)
- Modern browser that supports ES6 (Chrome to see the Payment Request, and Safari to see Apple Pay).
- Stripe account to accept payments ([sign up](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register) for free!)

## Getting Started

Before getting started, check to see that you have the right version of Python installed (3.6.5).

```
python3 --version
```

_If your machine is running Python 2 as the default then you can follow these great guides on installing Python 3 for [macOS](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install3/osx/), [Windows](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install3/win/), or [Linux](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install3/linux/)._

Once you have Homebrew and Python 3 set up, copy the example environment variables file `.env.example` from the root of the repo into your own environment file called `.env`:

```
cp .env.example .env
```

Update your `.env` file with your own [Stripe API keys](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/apikeys) and any other configuration details you might want to add. The env variables are managed via the [python-dotenv](https://github.com/theskumar/python-dotenv) package.

Create a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html) to manage the packages and state our application needs:

```
cd server/python
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
```

Run `pip install` to fetch the Python packages we use:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Export our Flask app and run!

```
export FLASK_APP=app.py
flask run
```

You should now see it running on [`http://127.0.0.1:5000/`](http://127.0.0.1:5000/)

### Testing Webhooks

If you want to test [receiving webhooks](https://stripe.com/docs/webhooks), we recommend using ngrok to expose your local server.

First [download ngrok](https://ngrok.com) and start your Flask application.

[Run ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs). Assuming your Flask application is running on the default port 5000, you can simply run ngrok in your Terminal in the directory where you downloaded ngrok:

```
./ngrok http 5000
```

ngrok will display a UI in your terminal telling you the new forwarding address for your Flask app. Use this URL as the URL to be called in your developer [webhooks panel.](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/webhooks)

Don't forget to append `/webhook` when you set up your Stripe webhook URL in the Dashboard. Example URL to be called: `http://75795038.ngrok.io/webhook`.

## Tests

You can find tests for the API located in the `tests` directory. Make sure you're running in the virtual environment you created earlier.

```
source env/bin/activate
cd tests
python tests.py
```

## Credits

- Code: [Adrienne Dreyfus](http://twitter.com/adrind)

Commit message:

Use the Stripe CLI for webhook testing. (#90)
* Use Stripe CLI for Webhook events.

* Write configuration in setup script.

* Install CLI in postinstall script.

* Update all READMEs with Stripe CLI instructions.

server/python/README.md, after:

# Stripe Payments Demo — Python Server

This demo uses a simple [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/) application as the server.

## Payments Integration

- [`app.py`](app.py) contains the routes that interface with Stripe to create PaymentIntents and receive webhook events.
- [`setup.py`](setup.py) a simple setup script to make some fake Products and SKUs for our Stripe store.
- [`tests/tests.py`](tests/tests.py) some unit tests that test the logic of our heavier APIs like `/webhook`.
- [`test_data.py`](tests/tests.py) contains some hardcoded mocked responses to test with.
- [`inventory.py`](stripe_lib.py) a minimal wrapper over the Stripe Python SDK that handles creating/fetching products and caluclating payment amounts. You can override this class with your own product and order management system code.

## Requirements

You’ll need the following:

- [Python 3.6.5](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-365/)
- Modern browser that supports ES6 (Chrome to see the Payment Request, and Safari to see Apple Pay).
- Stripe account to accept payments ([sign up](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register) for free!)

## Getting Started

Before getting started, check to see that you have the right version of Python installed (3.6.5).

```
python3 --version
```

_If your machine is running Python 2 as the default then you can follow these great guides on installing Python 3 for [macOS](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install3/osx/), [Windows](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install3/win/), or [Linux](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/install3/linux/)._

Once you have Homebrew and Python 3 set up, copy the example environment variables file `.env.example` from the root of the repo into your own environment file called `.env`:

```
cp .env.example .env
```

Update your `.env` file with your own [Stripe API keys](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/apikeys) and any other configuration details you might want to add. The env variables are managed via the [python-dotenv](https://github.com/theskumar/python-dotenv) package.

Create a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html) to manage the packages and state our application needs:

```
cd server/python
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
```

Run `pip install` to fetch the Python packages we use:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Export our Flask app and run!

```
export FLASK_APP=app.py
flask run
```

You should now see it running on [`http://127.0.0.1:5000/`](http://127.0.0.1:5000/)

### Testing Webhooks

We can use the Stripe CLI to forward webhook events to our local development server:

- [Install](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-cli#installation) the Stripe CLI.
- Follow the [login steps](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-cli#login) to connect the CLI with your Stripe account.
- Run the [`listen`](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-cli#listen) command to forward the webhooks to loalhost:

```
stripe listen --forward-to http://localhost:5000/webhook
```
> **Note:** You do not need to configure any webhook endpoints in your Dashboard to receive webhooks with the CLI.

The Stripe CLI will let you know that webhook forwarding is ready and output your webhook signing secret:

    > Ready! Your webhook signing secret is whsec_xxx

Please copy the webhook signing secret (`whsec_xxx`) to your `.env` file.

## Tests

You can find tests for the API located in the `tests` directory. Make sure you're running in the virtual environment you created earlier.

```
source env/bin/activate
cd tests
python tests.py
```

## Credits

- Code: [Adrienne Dreyfus](http://twitter.com/adrind)
